# KeniaCV

PROJECT ANALYSIS

    User Profile
    ------------
    
        User Persona:
            Name: Kenia Veizaga.
            Age: 19.
            Studies: Compulsory Secondary Education, Bachelor (Technological), University Degree (In progress).
            Languages: Spanish, Catalan and English.
            Habilities: Fluid interaction with the client; I quickly understand the tastes, needs and concerns of clients          
                        when starting a conversation in reference to the service we provide. Technological scope: Easy 
                        management of technological devices; phones, tablets, laptops, computers, etc. And also in the 
                        creation of advertising spots; such as flyers, advertisements, videos, promotions, etc.
            Hobbies: Sports, routine, perseverance, reading, listening to music and anything that requires discipline.
            Interests: Digital field or costumer service. 


        Information Architecture:
            Introduction: Includes a brief personal introduction and a professional photograph to give visual context to 
                          the visitor. Where the most relevant data such as name, age, date of birth and others will be 
                          discussed. Without giving much input to what would be the following sections.
            Work Experience: Where the jobs I have been in to date will be described, each with a brief explanation of 
                             what said job consisted of, the position I held and achievements acquired; both on a 
                             professional and personal level. Obviously it is organized in reverse chronological 
                             order so that the people who are in charge of searching for employees see the last work 
                             experience first.
            Education: Shows studies and academic achievements, relevant to your development as a professional. Both 
                       compulsory and post-compulsory, including extracurricular academic accreditations, as well as 
                       obtaining a language level, for example a B2 in English.
            Skills: Includes a list of technical and personal skills; logically useful in carrying out the work to which 
                    it is applied, such as programming languages, design tools, and interpersonal skills.
            Portfolio: Presents links and brief descriptions of significant projects or works in which an exhaustive 
                       intervention has been made.
            Languages: It shows which languages ​​I speak the most, with 2 levels: Advanced and Basic; as well as 
                       English, Catalan, Spanish, etc.
            Contact: Provides contact forms (email, LinkedIn, GitHub, etc.) so that employers have easy accessibility when 
                     contacting if they are interested in the user. 

       Visual Design: 
            The visual design of this curriculum will be precisely clear; giving it a more modern approach. To achieve this, 
            I decided on a minimalist design to avoid visual overload; with the intention of streamlining the process of 
            reading my information, ensuring that all important information could be presented clearly. 

            Main layout: In this one I will use two different sections, one for personal information (the one on the left) 
                         and another for educational and professional details (the one on the right). This segmentation 
                        makes it easier for anyone looking for jobs to quickly navigate and find what suits them or 
                        interests them most.
            Color palette: Out of my own interest I decided to use a combination of neutral tones, such as soft grays, 
                            whites, very soft browns and basic black. As I said before, I wanted to make it quite minimalist, 
                            vso this color combination helps maintain a professional appearance and at the same time adds 
                            a touch of color to guide the viewer's attention and not stay in the basic black and white, 
                            but It doesn't look like a rainbow either.
            Typography: I have mainly used a clean, sans-serif font for the body of the text since in my opinion this speeds 
                        up readability. I also used iconography to improve visual interest in the contact information, 
                        languages ​​​​and skills section, making these areas easier to scan, as they are separated from each other, 
                        simulating a brief summary.
